README.md, before:

# BarberBrand

BarberBrand is a multi-tenant SaaS platform designed for barbershops and salons, enabling them to create and manage their own fully customizable, high-performance websites. The platform is built with a focus on SEO, performance, and a "White Label" experience for each tenant.

## Tech Stack

This project leverages a modern, robust, and scalable technology stack:

-   **Core Framework:** [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) (App Router)
-   **Runtime:** [Bun](https://bun.sh/)
-   **Language:** [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
-   **Database ORM:** [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/)
-   **Database:** [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) (managed via Docker for local development)
-   **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
-   **UI Components:** [Shadcn UI](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
-   **API Communication:** [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
-   **Testing:** [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) & [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/)

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to set up and run the project in a local development environment.

### Prerequisites

-   [Bun](https://bun.sh/docs/installation)
-   [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) and Docker Compose

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd frontend_II_projeto
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

This project uses Bun as its package manager.

```bash
bun install
```

### 3. Set Up Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file by copying the example file. This will contain the database connection string.

```bash
cp example.env .env
```

The default `DATABASE_URL` is configured for the local Docker environment.

### 4. Start the Database

Run the PostgreSQL database service using Docker Compose.

```bash
docker compose up -d
```
The `-d` flag runs the container in detached mode.

### 5. Run Database Migrations

Apply the latest database schema changes using Prisma.

```bash
bunx prisma migrate dev
```

## Development

### Running the Development Server

To start the Next.js development server:

```bash
bun run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the application.

### Available Scripts

-   `bun run dev`: Starts the development server.
-   `bun run build`: Creates a production-ready build of the application.
-   `bun run start`: Starts the production server (requires `build` to be run first).
-   `bun run lint`: Runs ESLint to check for code quality and style issues.
-   `bun test`: Executes tests using Jest.
-   `bun test:watch`: Runs Jest in interactive watch mode.

## Project Structure

The codebase is organized to maintain a clean and scalable architecture:

-   `src/app/`: Contains the core application logic, following the Next.js App Router convention.
    -   `api/`: API route handlers.
    -   `[slug]/`: Dynamic pages for each tenant (barbershop).
-   `src/components/`: Shared React components, including UI primitives from Shadcn.
-   `src/services/`: Houses API service modules (e.g., Axios wrappers) for interacting with the backend.
-   `src/lib/`: Utility functions and library initializations (e.g., `prisma.ts`).
-   `prisma/`: Contains the Prisma schema (`schema.prisma`), migrations, and seed scripts.
-   `docs/`: Project documentation, including coding guidelines and specifications.

## Coding Guidelines

We adhere to a strict set of coding guidelines to ensure consistency and maintainability. Key principles include:

-   **KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid):** Prioritize simple, readable solutions.
-   **Strict Typing:** Use TypeScript effectively and avoid the `any` type.
-   **Service Pattern:** Encapsulate all API communication within the `src/services` directory.

For a complete overview, please refer to the [Coding Guidelines](docs/CODING_GUIDELINE.md).

Commit message:

feat: add international booking support with smart calendar filtering
- Add international phone validation for 5 countries (PT, BR, GB, DE, FR)
  - Country-specific validation patterns and formatting
  - Dynamic phone input with dial code prefix
  - Country selector UI component

- Implement smart calendar with availability filtering
  - Server action to fetch barber availability by date range
  - Calculate available time slots (30-min intervals, 9-19h)
  - Disable unavailable dates in calendar
  - 5-minute cache for availability data

- Update database schema
  - Add customerCountry field to Booking model
  - Support international phone format storage
  - Generate and apply Prisma migration

- Implement Prisma seed
  - Create seed.ts for 'Estilo & Classe Barbearia'
  - Add 3 barbers and 4 services
  - Update documentation with seed instructions

- Add comprehensive test coverage
  - 14 phone validation tests
  - 6 availability calculation tests
  - 15 integration tests
  - 7 cache logic tests
  - All 42 tests passing

Closes #[issue-number]

README.md, after:

# BarberBrand

BarberBrand is a multi-tenant SaaS platform designed for barbershops and salons, enabling them to create and manage their own fully customizable, high-performance websites. The platform is built with a focus on SEO, performance, and a "White Label" experience for each tenant.

## Tech Stack

This project leverages a modern, robust, and scalable technology stack:

-   **Core Framework:** [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) (App Router)
-   **Runtime:** [Bun](https://bun.sh/)
-   **Language:** [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
-   **Database ORM:** [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/)
-   **Database:** [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) (managed via Docker for local development)
-   **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
-   **UI Components:** [Shadcn UI](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
-   **API Communication:** [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
-   **Testing:** [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) & [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/)

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to set up and run the project in a local development environment.

### Prerequisites

-   [Bun](https://bun.sh/docs/installation)
-   [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) and Docker Compose

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd frontend_II_projeto
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

This project uses Bun as its package manager.

```bash
bun install
```

### 3. Set Up Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file by copying the example file. This will contain the database connection string.

```bash
cp example.env .env
```

The default `DATABASE_URL` is configured for the local Docker environment.

### 4. Start the Database

Run the PostgreSQL database service using Docker Compose.

```bash
docker compose up -d
```
The `-d` flag runs the container in detached mode.

### 5. Run Database Migrations

Apply the latest database schema changes using Prisma.

```bash
bunx prisma migrate dev
```

### 6. Seed the Database (Optional)

Populate the database with initial data for development.

```bash
bunx prisma db seed
```

This will create a sample barbershop called "Estilo & Classe Barbearia" with 3 barbers and 4 services.

## Development

### Running the Development Server

To start the Next.js development server:

```bash
bun run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the application.

### Available Scripts

-   `bun run dev`: Starts the development server.
-   `bun run build`: Creates a production-ready build of the application.
-   `bun run start`: Starts the production server (requires `build` to be run first).
-   `bun run lint`: Runs ESLint to check for code quality and style issues.
-   `bun test`: Executes tests using Jest.
-   `bun test:watch`: Runs Jest in interactive watch mode.
-   `bunx prisma db seed`: Seeds the database with sample data.
-   `bunx prisma studio`: Opens Prisma Studio to view and edit database data.

## Project Structure

The codebase is organized to maintain a clean and scalable architecture:

-   `src/app/`: Contains the core application logic, following the Next.js App Router convention.
    -   `api/`: API route handlers.
    -   `[slug]/`: Dynamic pages for each tenant (barbershop).
-   `src/components/`: Shared React components, including UI primitives from Shadcn.
-   `src/services/`: Houses API service modules (e.g., Axios wrappers) for interacting with the backend.
-   `src/lib/`: Utility functions and library initializations (e.g., `prisma.ts`).
-   `prisma/`: Contains the Prisma schema (`schema.prisma`), migrations, and seed scripts.
-   `docs/`: Project documentation, including coding guidelines and specifications.

## Coding Guidelines

We adhere to a strict set of coding guidelines to ensure consistency and maintainability. Key principles include:

-   **KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid):** Prioritize simple, readable solutions.
-   **Strict Typing:** Use TypeScript effectively and avoid the `any` type.
-   **Service Pattern:** Encapsulate all API communication within the `src/services` directory.

For a complete overview, please refer to the [Coding Guidelines](docs/CODING_GUIDELINE.md).
